[Music]
Hello, how are you my
dearest lovers of the heart? I hope
you're having a spectacular
and wonderful day and that you're enjoying
your loved ones this weekend.
Today I'm here to tell you the latest
news about the bad vibes that could be
caused in the next few hours within
the royal house and Juan Carlos,
the emeritus king, insists on staying the
night whenever he pleases within the
royal family and wants to spend Christmas with the family, I
mean, I don't know if you're
realizing what could be
brewing but it's a tremendous move of
which we'll probably get less than
30% of the fuss but we're talking about the fact that
the emeritus king insists and each time he
wants to put his foot in it a little more
in Spain and we have to recognize
that the king currently doesn't hold
any position and doesn't have anything pending
or has any problems and he could do it what
happens is that it seems
that Queen Letizia, who has her
tensions and surely has her
opinion, says it more clearly or
less clearly about the image than Juan
Carlos  King emeritus could give up the
crown you know that we were
commenting and about last month
based on the events that there were in
royalty, these small disagreements
rify raf everything would indicate that Juan Carlos
finally left Spain a little annoyed
not because he wanted to stay
overnight at the Zarzuela a few days later it
was also Doña Sofía's birthday
and well, he did not attend a
full family photo I think it will be
difficult to see but it is evident that the
man The gentleman is getting older and
older right now He is in Abu
Dhabi although it is true that
the tax benefits that
wealthy people have there Well, they are not the same as
here in Spain But well I think
that the man is fine I think that things are not
going badly for the man and he is getting older
and in the end I understand that he will want to
spend uh his last years in Spain with
his son with his daughter he is almost always
accompanied by Infanta Elena in fact right now
Well I'm going to comment on the news he is
not in Spain he is
right now in San Senso with some friends
at the house of a friend that he is staying and the
Infanta Elena who would have recently adapted her
home for visits
from people who have a
little bit of reduced mobility
yes, it has a little bit of complications,
not as could be the case with our
King Emeritus, in the end things have to
be fixed they have to get
closer and I don't know if Queen
Letizia is going to upload this well or badly at the
moment the rumors suggest that she
is not very willing to accept this
situation welcome come one more day
to my channel I am Javi Oliveira this is
telesalseo here you will find out about all the
social chronicles of all the news of the
heart and all the news on
television in the most entertaining way that I can think of
and that comes out I'm sorry I'll try
okay there are many people I don't like
Thank you but here we are if you are interested
and if you like this type of content I
invite you to press the
subscribe button and give me a like
okay that's free Well, as I
was saying Juan Carlos eh he
intends to spend Christmas here in
Spain in fact he is already in
Spain he has come  He had a stop
for a medical check-up along the way
but right now he is in Galicia,
specifically he is in what I
noted here, Vigo, coming from
London on a private plane. The thing is
that Queen Letizia wouldn't
be very happy if
Juan Carlos showed up here right now.
Personally, I think she wouldn't be
happy if he came ever, the less the
better. No, I think that nowadays
Queen Letizia thinks this: Look,
we're in an age where we have
Messenger, we have WhatsApp, we have
Twitter, we have everything, gentleman, create
an account and we'll talk there. No,
but don't come to Spain because of the
image you give us. Well, maybe it doesn't
suit us right now. The truth
is that in the country, as you know,
it's a bit tense with the whole situation
that's being experienced in Ferras. There are a lot of
people who are demanding that Felipe
show up there, put some
order and say something about the subject. Okay,
and there are also a lot of people. I don't know
what you think. I think it's about
a bit more cordiality and education.
Okay, I don't think they did it with
any bad intentions, but this
week  we had an event the
25th anniversary event of La Razón in which
our Kings have taken certain
photographs with some
television personalities among them Kiko Hernández and
Belén Esteban these photographs have
circulated everywhere of course, I mean there are
a lot of people who are saying that you have to
see the king, it was a photo with a
character like Kiko Hernández like Belén
Esteban but let's see eh he is the king of all of
Spain he is the king of all citizens
if you meet a citizen at an event
and he asks you for a photo
politely well I don't know, I don't know this thing of
asking no eh I don't know the truth Let's see, I do
n't know it depends on the situation, the
context and to what extent And to what
extent one would be willing to do it or
not then on the other hand we also
cannot forget to mention that today Friday
when I am recording This video I don't know
what time you will be watching it you may be
watching it already it has been broadcast But there is
an interview that all of Spain
is waiting for that will most likely
be another ingredient for it not to
be the best time for Juan Carlos to
appear here we are talking about the
son of Bárbara Rey on the
Friday program on Tele5 saying that  he himself
took and developed photographs of his mother
with the king and that Barbara Rey received a
salary thanks to the blackmail that she
supposedly had inflicted on the crown. This is
a rumor. No, this is a rumor.
This rumor has always been there. There are many people
who even say, who knows how many
lovers' salaries we have paid because of
course this is public money. I understand. No.
Supposedly, but it's
the showgirl's son who is telling you this. I mean, the
showgirl doesn't hold back when it comes to telling
things without mincing words. Well,
now the son appears and tells you that he
took the photograph that he
developed it and that his mother received a
salary every month from the
Zarzuela in exchange for keeping quiet
about what she did with the king. Is it
credible? No, I mean, it seems, see what I'm going to tell you. I
don't know how to tell you. No, I don't know what
you all think, but it has its
point of opinion. You see, let's
recognize it and let's think about it like that, but
what was said, the king right now has no
positions, he doesn't have to give explanations to
anyone, he is the emeritus king. Could he come?  to
Spain whenever he wants and whenever he
pleases now for example yes it is
true that he is there with his grandson
eh frey Lan it is said that Freud Lan
since he is with his grandfather
things are being done well he is being
responsible he is taking care of his
work and things Well they are working well
then I also do not understand the
concern is confirmed the presence
of Juan Carlos at the inauguration is
like restoration that they have done not of the
Santiago Bernabeu it is going to be like a
reinauguration and the
presence of Juan Carlos is confirmed this would be the
day before Christmas What does that
mean well what does it do would it be
a little good would it be a
little Let's see I tell you it would be a little
more violent No maybe the situation
of not allowing the king to sleep in the
sarsuela let him stay But of course
taking into account what happened
at the last event no e we are
talking about Hey listen to me you have a
private plane that you can come and go
whenever you want you take the little
plane and go to your little house my sister So I do
n't know it seems that between the
interviews between the political situation
eh, well, we don't get into this, but let's
see, I can't deny that it influences, it influences, there are
some busy Christmases coming to the
royal family, I will be reading you in
the comments box, let me know
your opinion on everything we have
commented on, I send you a huge kiss, you know that you
can collaborate with the channel, you
know that you can subscribe, you
can like it, I love you
very much and that I will see you in the
next video, bye
[Music]
bye